Changing templates with Sylius Event (#13918)
Sylius/Sylius: docs/customization/template.rst

How to customize templates via events?
--------------------------------------

> Sylius uses it's own event mechanism called Sylius Template Event which implementation is based purely on Twig.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sylius uses its own event mechanism called Sylius Template Events which implementation is based purely on Twig.
```

> This (in compare to legacy way of using SonataBlockBundle) leads to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This (compared to the legacy way of using SonataBlockBundle) leads to:
```

* better performance - as it is no longer based on EventListeners
* less boilerplate code - no need to register more Listeners
* easier variable pass - now you just need to add it to configuration file
* extended configuration - now you can change if block is enabled, change its template, or even priority

.. note::

    If you want to read more about the Sylius Template Event from developers/architectural perspective

>     checkout [Github Issue](https://github.com/Sylius/Sylius/issues/10997) referring this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    check the [Github Issue](https://github.com/Sylius/Sylius/issues/10997) referring this feature.
```

> We will now guide you through a simple way of customizing your template with Sylius Template Event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will now guide you through a simple way of customizing your template with Sylius Template Events.
```

.. tip::

    In order to find events in Sylius templates you can simply search for the ``sylius_template_event`` phrase in your
    project's directory.

How to locate event in browser?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If you want to more easily search for the event name you want to modify, the Sylius Template Event lets you easily find
> it in your browser with the debug tools it provides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to search easier for the event name you want to modify, the Sylius Template Events can be easily 
found in your browser with the debug tools it provides.
```

.. tip::

    In order to find events in Sylius templates you can simply search for the ``sylius_template_event`` phrase in your
    project's directory.

> How to locate event in browser?

Reviewer 2: In this place, we should also mention the profiler section that shows the rendered events, blocks and their templates with priorities:

![Zrzut ekranu 2022-07-4 o 08 33 30](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6212718/177095404-77e5ee5d-acf1-4761-9a6f-4638cf603a1f.png)

    Learn more about adding custom Admin JS & CSS in the cookbook :doc:`here </cookbook/frontend/admin-js-and-css>`.

> Can I do more with the Sylius Template Event?
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What more can I do with the Sylius Template Events?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

> You might think that this is only way of customisation with the event, but you can also do more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might think that this is the only way of customisation with the events, but you can also do more.
```

1. Disabling blocks:

>     You can now disable some blocks that does not fit your usage, just put in config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can now disable some blocks that do not fit your usage, just put in config:
```

    .. code-block:: yaml

        sylius_ui:
            events:
                sylius.shop.layout.ugly_block:
                    blocks:
                        the_block_i_dont_like:
                            enabled: false

2. Change the priority of blocks:

>     In order to override the templates from vendor, or maybe you are developing plugin you can change the priority of the block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In order to override the templates from vendor, or maybe you are developing plugin you can change the priority of a block:
```

    .. code-block:: yaml

        sylius_ui:
            events:

>                 sylius.shop.layout.vendor_block:

Author: Here as example of changing some block from vendor i used the phrase `vendor_block` but I can use also your suggestion

                    blocks:

>                         my_important_block:

Author: Here the concept explains the priority of blocks rather than changing logo with priority usage, that is why I used phrase `my_important_block`

                            priority: 1

3. Pass variables:
    You can pass any variable from the template to the block and access it with function:

    .. code-block:: html

>         {{ dump(resource) }}

Reviewer 3: ```
sylius_ui:
    events:
        sylius.shop.product.show.content:
            blocks: 
                dump_block: 'dump.html.twig'
```
